1. Install and configure AWS Command line on your system
2. Install Terraform binary in your system
3. Install AWS Command line tool and Terraform binary on Windows
4. Code Editor : VSCode

5. Define AWS as provider
	
	3 ways to define provider details.
		a. hardcode in the provider section
			access_key = "aaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
			..
	
		b. Static credentials in environment variables
		
			EXPORT AWS_ACEESS_KEY_ID="AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
			...
		
		c. Shared credentials
			~/.aws/credentials
			
		d. In aws EC2 role 
			ec2 instance or jenkins instance used for resource provisioning.

10. Clone this GITHUB repo


11. Deploy single server : EC2 Instance
16min

12. Deploy single web server - using user_data
15min

13. Deploy single configurable web server using variable
17min

14. Deploy cluster of web servers : use count parameter
17min

15. Deploy cluster of web servers in Auto Scaling Group
15min

16. Deploy cluster of webs servers in Auto Scaling Group with





Terraform Plan and Apply Deeper Dive
Terraform State Deeper Dive
Terraform Console and Outputs
The Join Function
The Random Resource
Multiple Resources and Count
The Splat Expression
"For" Loops
Tainting and Updating Resources
Terraform Import
Terraform Refresh and State rm (Updated!)
Adding Variables
Variable Validation (v 0.13+ only)
Variables and Output Files
Sensitive Variables and .tfvars files
Variable Definition Precedence
The Bind Mount and Local-Exec
Utilizing Local Values
Min and Max Functions and the Expand Expression
Path References and String Interpolation
Maps and Lookups: the Image Variable
Maps and Lookups: External Ports
Terraform Workspaces
Referencing your Workspaces
Utilizing Map Keys instead of Lookups



Modules
	Modules Intro
	First Module!
	Module Variables
	Terraform Graph
	Troubleshooting Dependencies
	The Container Module
	Module Outputs
	Lifecycle Customization and Targeting
	One Module for Multiple Resources
	Using for_each
	Deploying Containers with for_each
	Using Count and for_each Together
	New Outputs and Map Transformations
	Grafana Apply Yourself!
	Grafana Solution
	Self Referencing and Provisioner Failure Modes
	Terraform Apply Yourself - Self Referencing
	Dynamic Blocks
	Nesting the Volume Module
	Weather Dashboard Project!
	

Deploy AWS resources with Terraform
	The AWS Provider
	Deploy a VPC
	Remote State in Terraform Cloud
	VPC Subnets "Hardcoded"
	VPC Subnets - Terraform Apply Yourself!
	The cidrsubnet() Function
	The aws_availability_zones Data Source
	The random_shuffle Resource
	Why didn't we use for_each?
	Route Tables and the Internet Gateway
	VPC Security Groups "Hardcoded"
	VPC Security Groups Dynamic
	VPC Security Groups - Terraform Apply Yourself!
	VPC RDS Subnet Group and Conditionals
	Basic RDS Setup
	VPC Outputs for RDS - Terraform Apply Yourself!
	Managing Sensitive RDS Values
	ALB Initial Setup
	ALB Security Group and Subnets - Terraform Apply Yourself!
	ALB Target Group and the uuid and substr functions
	ALB Listener
	Upgrading Terraform (0.14.1+ required for ignore_changes)
	The aws_ami Data Source
	Scaffolding Our EC2 Instance and random_id
	EC2 - Terraform Apply Yourself!
	SSH Key for Our Instance and the file Function
	Controlling random_id Changes with Keepers
	EC2 User Data and Template Files
	EC2 User Data Template Variables - Terraform Apply Yourself!
	Deploying NGINX to Our Kubernetes Cluster!
	Adding our EC2 Instances to the Target Group
	Adding some Outputs for our Resources
	Sensitive Outputs and How to Access Them
	Terraform Apply Yourself - Outputs!
	Utilizing the local-exec Provisioner to SCP our Kubeconfig File
	Utilizing the remote-exec Provisioner to Run Commands on EC2 Instances
	Terraform Apply Yourself! - Cleanup and Create a Destroy Provisioner
	Deploying K8s Resources from our Cloud9 Instance!	
	
Terraform Cloud
		
	
	
	
	--------------------------------------------
	https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/terraform-associate
	
	IaC patterns

		Patterns and Practices

			Everything in Source Control
			Modularize and Version
			Documentation
			Testing
			Security and Compliance

		Automate Execution from a Shared Environment
			Infrastructure as Code Pipeline


	Explain when to use and not use provisioners and when to use local-exec or remote-exec
	
	
	4 	Use the Terraform CLI (outside of core workflow)
		4a 	Given a scenario: choose when to use terraform fmt to format code
		4b 	Given a scenario: choose when to use terraform taint to taint Terraform resources
		4c 	Given a scenario: choose when to use terraform import to import existing infrastructure into your Terraform state
		4d 	Given a scenario: choose when to use terraform workspace to create workspaces
		4e 	Given a scenario: choose when to use terraform state to view Terraform state
		4f 	Given a scenario: choose when to enable verbose logging and what the outcome/value is
		
	
	5 	Interact with Terraform modules
		5a 	module Vs source options
		5b 	Interact with module inputs and outputs
		5c 	Describe variable scope within modules/child modules
		5d 	Discover modules from the public Terraform Module Registry
		5e 	Defining module version	
		
		
	6 	Navigate Terraform workflow
		6a 	Describe Terraform workflow ( Write -> Plan -> Create )
		6b 	Initialize a Terraform working directory (terraform init)
		6c 	Validate a Terraform configuration (terraform validate)
		6d 	Generate and review an execution plan for Terraform (terraform plan)
		6e 	Execute changes to infrastructure with Terraform (terraform apply)
		6f 	Destroy Terraform managed infrastructure (terraform destroy)	
		
	7 	Implement and maintain state
		7a 	Describe default local backend
		7b 	Outline state locking
		7c 	Handle backend authentication methods
		7d 	Describe remote state storage mechanisms and supported standard backends
		7e 	Describe effect of Terraform refresh on state
		7f 	Describe backend block in configuration and best practices for partial configurations
		7g 	Understand secret management in state files

	8 	Read, generate, and modify configuration
		8a 	Demonstrate use of variables and outputs
		8b 	Describe secure secret injection best practice
		8c 	Understand the use of collection and structural types
		8d 	Create and differentiate resource and data configuration
		8e 	Use resource addressing and resource parameters to connect resources together
		8f 	Use Terraform built-in functions to write configuration
		8g 	Configure resource using a dynamic block
		8h 	Describe built-in dependency management (order of execution based)

	9 	Understand Terraform Cloud and Enterprise capabilities
		9a 	Describe the benefits of Sentinel, registry, and workspaces
		9b 	Differentiate OSS and TFE workspaces
		9c 	Summarize features of Terraform Cloud	
		
		
		I am currently working as a Devops consultant with Natwest, UK. In past I have been working as a Devops consultant with Reon and Geestarz, India.
		Responsibility include
			Create and maintain fully automated CI/CD pipelines for code deployment using Terraform, Ansibile, Jenkins, git, github, docker, kubernetes, bitbucket, gitlab, maven, nexus, artifactory, sonarqube etc..
			--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
			
			
			init
				Initialize a working directory containing terraform config
			validate
			plan 
			apply
			destroy
			
			
			https://github.com/stacksimplify/terraform-iacdevops-with-aws-codepipeline
			https://github.com/stacksimplify/terraform-on-aws-ec2